Translation corrections (#391)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_009.txt

			NULL, "\"Yeah, of course.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210100643", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "とりあえず、練習はしてきたけど…",
			NULL, " I've been practicing for this just to be safe...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210100644", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "梨花ちゃんも、危なくなったらフォローよろしくな」",

> 			NULL, " but I'd appreciate it if you'd back me up if things get dangerous.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " but I'd still appreciate it if you backed me up if things get dangerous.\"", Line_Normal);
```
